Adisumarmo International Airport (IATA: SOC, ICAO: WAHQ) is an airport in Solo / Surakarta, Central Java, Indonesia. It is located 14 km north of the city. It was the sole international level airport in Southern Central Java, until the upgrading of the Adisucipto International Airport in Yogyakarta and the Achmad Yani International Airport in Semarang. On 28 January 2008, the airport was closed to all commercial traffic for several hours while the body of former Indonesian President Suharto was transported from Jakarta's Halim Perdanakusuma International Airport. On 2 March 2009, operations moved to the new terminal. Terminal Facilities The new passenger terminal is opened on 2 March 2009. The terminal has three aerobridges with four gates. The airport is able to serve wide body jet like Airbus A330 or Boeing 777. The Airbus A330 is usually operated for Hajj flights in Hajj season or for some extra flight in Ramadan season. The airport terminal has a convenience store (Indomaret), food kiosks, shopping area and some food counters near the boarding lounge. The old passenger terminal is now used for VVIP flights. The Airport is operated and managed by PT Angkasa Pura I. Flight Destinations Airlines and destinations connecting to Adisumarmo International Airport: Airline Name Destination (Domestic and International) AirAsia Kuala Lumpur Airfast Indonesia Charter: Timika Batik Air Jakarta–Halim Perdanakusuma Citilink Jakarta–Halim Perdanakusuma Garuda Indonesia Jakarta–Soekarno–Hatta, Jeddah (stop over at Banda Aceh) Indonesia AirAsia X Denpasar Lion Air Balikpapan, Bandar Lampung, Banjarmasin, Batam, Denpasar Jakarta–Soekarno–Hatta, Mataram–Lombok, Makassar, Medan Padang, Palangkaraya, Palembang Nam Air Jakarta–Soekarno–Hatta Sriwijaya Air Jakarta–Soekarno–Hatta Wings Air Bandar Lampung, Bandung, Banjarmasin, Surabaya Public Transportation Bus: Shuttle airport bus are serving several destination from Adisumarmo International Airport, currently it serves by a bus operator, "Damri". Car and taxi: Various taxi and shuttle services are provided by numerous service providers outside the arrival hall. Technical Specification The airport resides at an elevation of 128 m (419 ft) above mean sea level. It has one runway designated 08/26 with an asphalt surface measuring 2,600 m (8,530 ft) in length. Contact Information Jl. Bandara Adi Sumarmo Ngesrep, Ngemplak Surakarta Jawa Tengah 57108 Indonesia Tel: +62 271 780715 