Depati Amir Airport (Indonesian: Bandar Udara Depati Amir) (IATA: PGK, ICAO: WIPK, formerly WIKK), also known as Pangkal Pinang Airport, is an airport serving Pangkal Pinang, the largest town on the island of Bangka and the capital of the province of Bangka-Belitung in Indonesia. The airport is located around 5 km from the city center. It is one of the two main airport in Bangka-Belitung province, the other being H.A.S. Hanandjoeddin International Airport in Tanjung Pandan, Belitung. The operation of the Airport is managed by UPT Ditjen Hubud, an agency under Ministry of Transportation, Indonesia. Terminal Facilities With the inauguration of the well equipped and modern terminal on 11 January 2017, the Airport now able to provided better and comfortable environment for its passengers. The new terminal is able to increase the passenger capacity of 350 thousand passengers per year to more than 1.5 million passengers per year. The new terminal building stands on an area of 12 thousand square meters of total land area of about 152 hectares. The new terminal has a modern design and is equipped with additional amenities such as food courts, executive break room, internet facilities, disabled toilets, as well as a room mother and child. Other facilities include 12 check-in counters, 3 departure gates, and 2 jetbridges. Flight Destinations There are commercial schedule flights from Depati Amir Airport to destinations as below: Airline Name Destination Citilink Jakarta–Soekarno–Hatta Garuda Indonesia Jakarta–Soekarno–Hatta Garuda Indonesia (by Explore) Palembang, Tanjung Pandan Lion Air Jakarta–Soekarno–Hatta, Palembang Nam Air Palembang, Tanjung Pandan Sriwijaya Air Jakarta–Soekarno–Hatta, Palembang Susi Air Dabo Wings Air Batam, Tanjung Pandan Public Transportation and Car Park Taxis and minivan taxi are available at the arrival hall. The new parking facilities are now capable of accommodating 300 cars and 120 motorcycles. Technical Specification The airport resides at an elevation of 33 metres (109 ft) above mean sea level. It has one runway designated 16/34 with an asphalt surface measuring 2,600 m (8,530 ft). Contact Information Jalan Soekarno Hatta, Dul Pangkalan Baru, Beluluk Pangkalan Baru, Kabupaten Bangka Tengah Kepulauan Bangka Belitung 33684 Indonesia Tel: +62 717 421041 