Djalaluddin Airport is an airport in Gorontalo Regency, Gorontalo, Indonesia (IATA: GTO, ICAO: WAMG). It is located 30 km in west of Gorontalo's city center and it is operated by Ministry of Transportation of Indonesia Republic. The new terminal which has 2 aerobridge was opened on 1 May 2016. This airport is the alternative gateway for flights to the northern part of Indonesia. The New Terminal of Djalaluddin Airport in Gorontalo has been completed, and also became as one of first class Airport in Eastern Indonesia besides Sam Ratulangi International Airport and Sultan Hasanuddin International Airport. Terminal Facilities The New Terminal building consisting of two floors with an area of almost 12.000m2, can accommodate 2,500 passengers and replaces the old terminal building which is only enough for 250 passengers. The ground floor serves as a place to check in, drop off, baggage claim, as well as public and employee areas. While on the second floor, serves as a waiting room, and public areas and employees. Mosque which is located downstairs and upstairs, lactation rooms, escalator, lifts, toilets, wheelchair for passenger illness or disability. Also there are two medium-sized lounge and spacious, and the smoking room. Other facilities that have been prepared are x-ray as many as four units, three for passengers and one for freight. The Old Terminal will be used as a Regular Hajj Embarkation. Flight Destinations Airlines and destinations connecting to Djalaluddin Airport: Airline Name Destination Aviastar Ampana, Buol, Luwuk, Palu, Toli-Toli Batik Air Jakarta--Soekarno-Hatta, Makassar Citilink Makassar Garuda Indonesia Makassar, Manado Lion Air Makassar Sriwijaya Air Makassar Wings Air Luwuk, Manado, Tarakan, Palu Public Transportation Bus: Shuttle airport bus are serving several destination from Djalaluddin Airport, currently it serves by a Bus Operator, "Damri". Taxi and Car rental services: Various taxi and car rental services are provided by numerous service providers outside the arrival hall. Car Park: There are 1000 lots of vehicle parking space within walk distance outside the terminal. Technical Specification The airport resides at an elevation of 18 m (59 ft) above mean sea level. It has one runway designated 09/27 with an asphalt surface measuring 2,500 m (8,202 ft) in length. Contact Information Isimu Selatan Tibawa, Tolotio Gorontalo 96216 Indonesia 