Mopah International Airport (Indonesian: Bandar Udara Internasional Mopah) (IATA: MKQ, ICAO: WAKK) is an airport in Merauke, Papua, Indonesia. The airport is considered to be Indonesia's easternmost airport. The airport serves as the main gateway to several tourist destinations around Merauke, the most notably is the Wasur National Park. To increase the capacity of the terminal, the terminal building was extensively renovated in 2015. The airport terminal was expanded from just 1.972 m2 to 4.634 m2. It can now cater around 200,000 passenger annually. Terminal Facilities The check-in counter and baggage claim area now has a more minimalist interior. The airport's parking lot was also expanded to cater more vehicles. The airport's toilet was also renovated extensively. The boarding lounge was also expanded and now contains 381 seats for the passengers to seat on. Outside the terminal building, canopy has now been installed at the drop off location so that passengers avoid the heat and rain when they arrive at the terminal building. In one corner of the terminal, ATM Center also food court are now built. To add to the beauty and comfort for the passengers, around the terminal has been planted with trees and green grass. The operation of the Airport is managed by UPT Ditjen Hubud, an agency under Ministry of Transportation, Indonesia. Flight Destinations Mopah International Airport is served by few local airlines such as Batik Air, Garuda Indonesia, Lion Air and Susi Air with Jayapura and Makassar are the most popular routes. The Airport is capable of accommodating aircraft such as the Boeing 737s. Airline Name Destination Batik Air Makassar Garuda Indonesia Jakarta–Soekarno–Hatta, Jayapura, Makassar Lion Air Jayapura Sriwijaya Air Makassar, Jayapura Susi Air Bomakia, Ewer, Kepi, Kimam, Mindiptanah, Okaba, Senggo, Wanam Trigana Air Service Tanah Merah Public Transportation Taxis and civil transport cars (Angkot) can be used as public transport alongside private vehicles. Taxi counter are available at the arrival hall. Technical Specification The airport resides at an elevation of 3 m (10 ft) above mean sea level. It has one runway designated 16/34 with an asphalt surface measuring 2,500 m (8,202 ft) in length. Contact Information Jl. PGT No. 1 Kel. Rimba Jaya Kec. Merauke, Kab. Merauke Papua 99611 Indonesia Tel: +62 971 321164 