Pattimura Airport is an airport in Ambon, Maluku, Indonesia (IATA: AMQ, ICAO: WAPP). The Airport also serves the arrival in the country with an area of 2,500 m² runway and abroad with a broad foundation of 400 m2. The airport is within 38 kilometers of the city of Ambon. Ambon Pattimura Airport is located on one of the islands in the Maluku islands, it is a very strategic area. The airport was named after Pattimura, regarded a national hero in Indonesia who fought against the Dutch in 1816. Terminal Facilities The Airport are facilities with immigration, quarantine, customs clearance, cargo buildings, restaurants, public telephones and post office. Free Wi-Fi internet is available on the airport. There are multiple ATM's available outside the terminal building near the Damri bus waiting place. The banks that have ATM's at the Ambon airport including Bank Mandiri, Bank BNI, Bank BRI, Bank Maluku and Bank BCA. The international terminal is 1,200 m2 (gates C & D) and has an annual capacity of 70,000 passengers. The domestic terminal is 7,393 m2 (gates A & B) and has an annual capacity of 406,000 passengers. Flight Destinations Currently there are no regular scheduled international flights to or from Ambon, the international terminal in the Airport is used for domestic flights which are operated with larger airplanes and can make use of the 2 jet bridges for easier loading and unloading of the airplanes – especially during rain. Airlines and destinations connecting to Pattimura Airport: Airline Name Destination Aviastar Banda, Namlea, Namrole Batik Air Jakarta-Halim Perdanakusuma, Jakarta-Soekarno-Hatta, Makassar, Surabaya Dimonim Air Kisar, Moa Garuda Indonesia Jakarta-Soekarno-Hatta, Makassar Garuda Explore Kaimana, Langgur, Saumlaki, Sorong, Ternate, Surabaya Lion Air Jakarta-Soekarno-Hatta, Makassar NAM Air Manado, Sorong Sriwijaya Air Ternate Susi Air Banda, Namlea Trigana Air Service Dobo, Langgur, Moa, Namrole, Saumlaki Wings Air Dobo, Fakfak, Kaimana, Langgur, Manokwari, Nabire, Sorong, Saumlaki Xpressair Saumlaki Public Transportation Taxis: Taxis are located outside the terminal and are unmarked cars and vans. There are no marked/metered taxis in Ambon. There are always plenty of drivers anxious to take you anywhere you want to go. The drive around the bay to the city takes about an hour and costs Rp 150,000 – Rp 200,000. Usually the later in the day, most likely the taxi drivers are willing to lower down the fares. Bus: Damri bus company operates 4 times daily between the airport and Ambon city. Bus routes from the airport to Ambon City center takes you through these routes: Bandara – Hative Besar – Wayame – Rumah Tiga – Waiheru – Nania – Passo – Lateri – Halong – Galala – Batu Merah – Kantor DPRD – Hotel Manise – Hotel Amboina – Tugu Trikora – Mangga Dua – Kantor Jasindo – Hotel Abd. Alie – AY Patti – Lapangan Merdeka. Motorcycle Taxi: If the weather is nice you can take a motorcycle taxi. Just walk out of the airport and say "ojek" and you will find a motorcycle taxi driver ready and waiting. Be sure and agree on a price before you depart. If you are going to town, expect to pay at least Rp 30,000. This is the fastest way to get to town from the airport. Car Park: There are plenty of vehicle parking space within walk distance outside the terminal. Technical Specification The airport resides at an elevation of 10 m (33 ft) above mean sea level. It has one runway designated 04/22 with an asphalt surface measuring 2,500 m (8,202 ft) in length. Contact Information Jl. Dr. Leimena - Laha Ambon - 97236 Maluku - Indonesia Tel: (0911) 323771 