Sultan Iskandar Muda International Airport (Indonesian: Bandar Udara Internasional Sultan Iskandar Muda, Acehnese: Bandar Udara Antar Nanggroë Sultan Iskandar Muda), also called Banda Aceh International Airport (Indonesian: Bandar Udara Internasional Banda Aceh) (IATA: BTJ, ICAO: WITT) is the airport located 13.5 kilometres southeast of the capital of Aceh province, Banda Aceh. The Airport is named after the twelfth sultan of Aceh, Iskandar Muda. This airport was formerly called Blangbintang Airport (Indonesian: Bandara Blangbintang), referred to its location in a sub district with same name. Terminal Facilities This Airport is listed as the 23rd busiest airport in Indonesia. Sultan Iskandar Muda International Airport has awarded World’s Best Airport for Halal Travellers in the World Halal Tourism Awards 2016. The Airport terminal has a convenience store (Indomaret), food kiosks, shopping area, Muslim prayers rooms and some food counters near the arriving and departure halls. Recent development of this airport was in 2009 where the length of the runway again increased to 3000 metres with a width of 45 meters and the new terminal building replaces the old terminal building. In 1999, Sultan Iskandar Muda Airport resume development by adding a 2500 metre long runway to be able to accommodate the A330 aircraft, in order to serve the pilgrims departure in connection with the election of this Airport as one of the embarkation / disembarkation pilgrimage. The Airport is operated and managed by PT Angkasa Pura II. Flight Destinations Airlines and destinations connecting to Sultan Iskandar Muda International Airport: Airline Name Destination (Domestic and International) AirAsia Kuala Lumpur Batik Air Jakarta–Halim Perdanakusuma, Jakarta–Soekarno–Hatta, Medan Citilink Medan Firefly Penang Garuda Indonesia Jakarta–Soekarno–Hatta, Jeddah, Medina Lion Air Batam, Medan Nesma Airlines Hajj: Riyadh Susi Air Blang Pidie, Gayo Lues, Kutacane, Meulaboh, Simeulue Public Transportation Airport Taxi: There is Airport Taxi services with fixed tariff outside the arrival hall. Parking facilities: 200 lots for cars, 250 lots for motorcycles, 25 lots for taxis and 6 lots for buses. Technical Specification The airport resides at an elevation of 20 m (65 ft) above mean sea level. It has one runway designated 17/35 with an asphalt surface measuring 3,000 m (9,843 ft) in length. Contact Information Jl. Bandara Sultan Iskandar Muda Cot Madhi, Blang Bintang Cot Mancang, Kuta Baro Kabupaten Aceh Besar Aceh 23373 Indonesia Tel: +62 651 21341 